hello everyone I'm gta tricks and more and today
I will show you the mod srt 3 final
or also gta san andreas of texture 3
to install it they need to download the
srt 3 final file that I will leave in the
description of the video then extract it
open the installer follow the steps and
ready this way changes them textures of
game radar weapons sounds loach screens
people on the street and all those
bullshit is cool but they
I recommend having a lot of video card
so that the game does not hurt them
see them slow but stop talking
bullshit and let's go to the game xdddd
Now that I am in the game I will teach you
the changes
all the world
yes
you
look at what textures so real and beautiful and
not like the other daughters of whore xdddd
it's snot with criminals
uses
I left
good friends that was all comment
subscribe 6.1